# vim: set wrap ft=bbcode fileencoding=utf-8 guifont=DejaVu\ Sans\ Mono\ 13:

The Moirai - nearly immortal beings - highly magical. source of the fates/norns/wyrd sisters. Targeted Aurora, but were interested in our destinies collectively.

Hellen = Black
Chloe = yellow
      = white

====
"So Sisters," the eldest in black speaks clearly over the storm. "'These' are the ones so much has been spoken about?"

"Yes, but I don't understand why?" the one in white said. "I sense there is power and a shared destiny here..." she pauses to think it seemed, ..."or is it just a shared tragedy?"

The young woman in yellow grunts slightly, as if under some type of strain. "Someone is fighting it, I'm losing hold of it... if you are going to take one or all of them, do it quickly." Then the one in yellow growls angrily at something, and then looks over to the woman in black. 

The imp goes on to explain that the Ladies are indeed also sisters - creatures of myth and legend. Even he does not know the full extent of their history... though they are very, very old humans - from all the way back to the dark ages before the founding of Rome. Many of the ancient Greek and later, Romanized stories about "The Fates, the sorrows, etc. stem from them. In truth, the are just very powerful creatures that most closely can be described as 'witches' though that does really do them justice.

Though each has its own personality, they also have their own area of focus. As a group, they are most interested in the nature of balance... usually being drawn to where nature and what is called today, the "Dark Tide" are especially in conflict. They strive for balance. They will often take an interest in especially strong individuals that might influence the balance of what they see as opposing forces of nature by testing them.

This imp is more scare of them, than you... so getting more information from him is next to impossible. You do discover that it is more likely than not, if some was helping you in the battle through a scry, then they are trapped in the spirit world. If lost, they will have to help themselves or someone will have to go find them and bring them back - at great personal risk. Again, the sister aren't likely to do that even if they could. 

two spare shell casings - from the scene of the attack. .45ACP Federal similar and fired from the same gun (post 5938813)

Eachan found their cover identities - Helen Chloe and Lucy Marks in Meriden CT (post 5938820)

====

chicago - flight 8405

====

PC's

Eachan - earth magic - wards scotsman, rich, contacts, 

Aurora - magical attacks - wave of black energy - void magic

Dorian - conman

Garland - tough plays at being stupid
 
====

recurring supporting cast

Dr Nadine Neary - OSIRS assigned mentor, Administrative Division (Training)

Organizations

The Hoffman institute - budget conscious in some ways an not in others.
