http://www.languagerealm.com/chinese/chinese_slang.php
http://dirtychinesewords.blogspot.co.uk/

    A knot of self-indulgent lunacy: Fang zong feng kuang de jie
    A real bastard!: Ge zhen de hun dan!
    A switch to those girls' backsides is just good enough: Bian da ta men de bei jiu gou le
    Abracadabra-alakazam: Tian-ling-ling, di-ling-ling
    Accusing someone of lying, a ridiculous notion, or talking out of the posterior: Fang pi, literally "to break wind"
    Act blindly: Bi se yan jing zhuo ma que, literally "try to catch sparrows with one's eyes blindfolded"
    Agitate someone out of hiding: Da chow jing ser, literally, "beating the grass to startle the snake"
    Aah!: Ai ya!
    Alas: Zao gao, literally "spoiled cake"
    All talk: Da chong wu dan, literally "big gun, no bullet"
    All that is proper: Suo you de dou shi dang
    All the planets in space shoved up my butt: Tai kong suo you de xing qiu sai jin wo de pi gu
    Alliance: Tong meng
    An absolute genius: Zhen de shi tian cai
    Are we clear: Dong le ma
    As far as the eye can see: Yi wang wu ji, literally "look afar no bound"
    Ass-kicking killer: Xiong can sha shou
    Attributing an unfortunate longshot occurrence: Yeh lu jwo duo luh jwohn whei jian gui, literally "do enough nighttime travels and one will eventually see a ghost"; also a warning of future retribution.
    Awesome: Gao gan, literally "high pole"
    AWOL: Kai xiao chai 
[a mao a gou] idiom. anyone and everyone; every Tom, Dick, and Harry (lit.: Mr. Cat and Mr. Dog)

[aicir] v. be bawled out; be scolded.

[ài shéi shéi] idiom. whoever; whoever you want/like; whatever.

[áo chu tóur le] idiom. see the light at the end of the tunnel; tough it out (to the end); gut it out.

[ao zhe chi] v. go crazy; be off one's rocker; be nuts. 

B

    Baboon's arse: Fei fei pi gu
    Baboon's arse crack: Fei fei de pi yan
    Bastard: Hun dan, literally "rotten egg"
    Boss or operator of a business: Lao ban; Lao ban ni'un for a female boss or proprietor's wife. Also informal appellation for acquaintances.
    Big Brother, Older Brother: Ge or Ge-Ge, the former is more intimate and connotes a blood relation.
    Big stupid pile of stinking meat: Yi dwei da buen chuo roh
    Big Sister, Older Sister: Jie or Jei-Jei
    Blessing on you: Zhu fu ni
    Blindside or conspire against someone secretly: Fahn leong jian, literally "shoot a cold arrow"
    Bon Appetit!: Nin chi hao
    Boss: Lao ban. Also informal appellation for acquaintances.
    Boss (Female): Lao ban ni'un. Also informal appellation for acquaintances.
    Bottoms up: Gan bei, literally "dry cup"
    Brilliant: Jing cai
    Browncoat: Zong yi 

C

    Cheap floozy: Jian huo
    Check it out, inspect: Jian cha
    Check at once: Ma shang jian cha
    Cheering or urging someone on: Jia you, literally "add fuel", equivalent of "go (name)!" in English.
    Cheers: Gan bei, literally "dry cup"
    Chinese/Mandarin language: Jwohn Guo Hua
    Cool: Ku
    Come in, enter: Qing jin
    Commit blunder of great magnitude: Bie wu long
    Complete disarray or sheer pandemonium: Tian fuhn di fu, literally "sky tumbles while earth turns over"
    Completely useless: Tian di wu yong
    Congratulations: Gong xi
    Conniving or scheming person: Gui tou gui nao, literally "ghost head ghost brain"
    Consistently useless: Jing-chang mei yong de
    Cow Dung: Niu shi
    Cow Poop: Niu fen
    Cow sucking: Xi niu
    Crap: Gou shi
    Crap: Zao gao, literally "spoiled cake"
    Crazy dog in love with its own feces: Ai chr jze se duh fohn diang gou
    Cursing: Ma jung hwa, literally "chastise with dirty words"
    Cute: Ke ai 

D

    Damn, my god: Ai ya
    Damn it: Zao gao, literally "spoiled cake"
    Danger/Dangerous: Wei xian
    Dangerous person or animal: Wei xian dong wu
    Darling: Bao bei
    Daydream or wishful thinking: Bai ri meng
    Deserving of bad consequence or fate: Hwo gai
    Despicable: Kuh wu
    Do something for nothing in return, or wasted endeavor without a payoff: Yee yan, literally "a charity show".
    Done for: Wan dan, literally "finished (cooked) egg"
    Don't worry: Fang xin
    Dumbass: Chun, descriptive literally "retarded" 

E

    Earthshaking: Jing tian dwohn di, literally "startle the sky and shake the earth"
    Empty Threat: Da chong wu dan, literally "big gun, no bullet"
    Engage a monkey in a feces-hurling contest: Gen hou zi bi diu shi
    Enough of this nonsense: Gou huang tang
    Everyone shut up!: Ni men dou bi zui!
    Everything under the sky: Tian shia, can be used to allude to the world or the universe
    Excrement: Mi tian gong
    Explosive diarrhea of an elephant: Da xiang bao zha shi de la du zi
    Extraordinarily clever: Gao gan, literally "high pole"
    Extraordinarily impatient Buddha: Zhen mei nai xing de Fo zu 

F

    Fear nothing but (fill in the blank): Tian bu pa, di bu pa, tze pa...
    Fellow: Ja hwo
    Female companion or girlfriend: Ma tze, a somewhat derogatory slang; add Dow in front for "looking for a girlfriend"
    Filthy fornicators of livestock: He chu-sheng za-jiao de zang-huo!
    Fire!: Kai huo (as in shooting), fen huo (as in starting)
    Fire at will or terminate with extreme prejudice: Da kai sa jeh, meaning "breaking the Buddhist vow against killing"
    Flat-chested: Hur bao dan, slang, literally "eggs cooked sunny-side up"
    Foiled or ruined at the last moment: Soh ya fei tian, expression, literally "a cooked duck flies away"
    Fool: Sha gua, literally "stupid melonhead", or ben dan, literally "stupid egg"
    Friend, pal, buddy: Peng you
    Frog-humping son of a bitch: Qing wa cao de liu mang
    Fuck!: Ta ma de! (vulgar term) 

G

    Gang, crew, or confederate of diehards: Se duhng
    Gang or faction leader: Da gher ga for male, da jeh da for female, slang
    Garbage: Le se
    Get bold or audacious: Fang dan, literally "release courage"
    Get lost: Kwai jio kai
    Go all out, hold nothing back: Ping ming, literally "fight for one's life"
    Go away: Kuai qu hen yuan de di fang, literally "go far away very fast"
    Go die: Chui se
    Go to hell: Chui se, literally "go die"
    God knows what / name of all that's sacred: Tian xiao de
    Goddamn monsters: Tian sha de e mo
    Good: Hao
    Good-for-nothing: Bu lang bu you
    Good journey or bon voyage: Yi lu shun feng, or yi lu ping an
    Good luck: Ju hao yun
    Great: Da bian hua, literally "big change"
    Greetings: Nihao 

H

    Handsome: Shuai
    Happy development or fortuitous turn of event: How shi sung chung, literally "a good show's about to start", can be used sarcastically
    Have desires above one's social/financial position, or beyond one's ability to realize: Lai huh ma shi yong tze tian e zoh, literally "for a toad to think of eating a swan"
    Hell: Gui, literally "ghost"
    Hell, underworld: Di yu
    Hello: Nihao
    Hey!: Wei
    Holy testicle (exclamation): Shen sheng de gao wan
    Home wrecking tramp: Hu li jing, literally "fox spirit"
    Horrible old tyrant: Ke-wu de lao bao jun
    Hurry or make haste: Gan mang 

I

    I don't believe my eyes!: Wo bu shin wo dah yan jing
    I neither see nor hear you: Wo dui ni bu wen bu jian
    I'm sorry: Dui bu qi
    Idiot: Ben dan, literally "stupid egg", or chun zhu, literally "retarded pig"
    Imminent Doom: Wan dan, literally "finished (cooked) egg"
    Impossible: Bu ke neng
    Impressive display or visage but no substance: Da chong wu dan, literally "big gun, no bullet"
    In the doghouse: Leng gong, literally "a cold palace," which is where an emperor confines those concubines who have fallen out of favor
    In that case, nevermind: Na mei guan xi 

J

    Jerk: Hun dan, literally "rotten egg"
    Junk: Fei wu
    Just our luck: Zhen dao mei 

K

    Kick me in the butt: Ti wo de pi gu 

L

    Leader of a criminal operation: She tou, literally "snakehead", derogatory.
    Leave one to his own fate: Tze sh'un tze mieh
    Let me repeat myself: Wuo jai jeong yi chi
    Let's take a deep breath: Yi qi shen hu xi
    Life support failure: Shuhn ming shi t'wohn gu jong
    Like hell/In your dreams: Jian ta de gui, literally "see his ghost", or jian gui which likely means "seeing ghosts"
    Little Brother: Di or Di-Di
    Little Sister: Mei or Mei-Mei
    Long time no see: Hao joh bu jian
    Loopy in the head: Feng le, literally "insane" 

M

    Male companion or boyfriend: Kai tze, also a somewhat derogatory slang
    Make a big mistake: Bie wu long
    Make an example of someone: Sha ji gei hou kan, literally "kill a chicken in front of a monkey"
    Merciful Buddha protect us: Ren ci de Fo zu qing bao you wo men
    Merciful God, please take me away: Ren ci de shang di, qing dai wo zou
    Merciless Bastard: Leng xue za zhong, literally "cold-blooded mixed-breed"
    Merciless Hell: Ai ya tian a!
    Mind your own business: Guan ni ziji de shi
    Miss: xiao jie, literally "little lady." Follows a name when addressing a known person, so River Tam would be addressed as Tam River xiao jie, or simply Tam xiao jie.
    Mister: xian sheng, literally "born before me." Follows a name when addressing a known person, so Simon Tam would be addressed as Tam Simon xian sheng, or simply Tam xian sheng.
    Monkey raping: Qiang bao hou-zi de
    Monkey's butt: Hou-zi de pi-gu
    Moron: Ben dan, literally "stupid egg", or chun zhu, literally "retarded pig"
    Mother of God: Wo de ma
    Mother of God and all her crazy nephews: Wo de ma he ta de fen kuang de wai sheng dou
    Motherless goat of all motherless goats: Gao yang zhong de gu yang
    Muddled, Mixed-up, Confused: Wu tou wu nao, literally "without a head or a brain" 

N

    No problem: Mei wen ti
    No way: Cai bu shi
    (a) Nobody: Wu ming shao zu, literally "nameless little footsoldier"
    Nonsense, rubbish, superfluous words: Fei hua
    Not advised: Quan gao bu yi
    Not enough: Bu gou, or Hai bu gou for "not enough yet"
    Not good: Zao gao, literally "spoiled cake"
    Not keeping a rendezvous: Fang ge zi, literally "release a pigeon" but insinuating not picking up the bird at the destination.
    Not much of a choice between the two: Ban jin ba liang
    Nothing ventured, nothing gained: Bu ru hu xue yan de hu zi, literally "how can you catch tiger cubs without entering the tiger's lair"
    Now, immediately: Ma shang
    Nuts: Shiang Jing Ping, or just Shiang Jing; Fah Shiang Jing for "going nuts"
    Nuts: Kuang zhe de, literally "crazy" 

O

    Oddball or Goof: Chai Neow
    Of course: Dang ran
    Oh, this is a happy development: O, zhe zhen shi ge kuai le de jin zhan
    Oh God, no: Lao tian, bu
    Oh my God: Wo de tian a
    Okay: Hao
    Old: Lao
    Old friend: Lao peng you
    Old man / husband: Lao gong
    Old lady / wife: Lao po
    One must be ruthless to be great: Wu du bu zhong fu, literally "a person without poison is not a great man"
    Out of touch with reality: Bi mu se ting, "shut one's eyes and stop up one's ears"
    Outdo someone or doing one better: Dao-gao-yee-chi moh-gao-yee-juhn, expression, literally "the solution advances a yard, the problem advances a mile"
    Over my dead body: Chu fei wo si le 

P

    Pal: Lao xiong, "old chap", between male friends
    Panda urine: Xiong mao niao
    Paranoid, extremely suspicious: Bei gong she ying, literally "mistaking the reflection of a bow in the cup for a snake"
    Pathetic wretch: Bei bi xiao ren, literally "shameless little dirty person"
    Peon: Wu ming shao zu, literally "nameless little footsoldier"
    Petty: Suo xi
    Prehistoric: Lao Diu Ya, literally "so old as to lose all teeth"
    Pig's Sty: Zhu fuen chse
    Pile of sun-baked dog poo: Ri shao gou shi bing
    Plain, bland, bare: Yong chwen mien, slang taken from the namesake generic, flavorless noodle dish.
    Please be quiet: Qing an jing yi dien
    Pool of Excrement: F'n Zse
    Pool of pig droppings: Zhu fuen chse
    Posterior, bottom, butt: Pi gu
    Precious: Bao bei 

R

    Real man, manly man: Nan zi han
    Really Dangerous: Wei xian, more poetic, wo hu chung long, which is "crouching tiger, hidden dragon" and expression for something dangerous.
    Remorseless harridan: Bu hui hen de po fu
    Retreat, run away: Jio weh sung chiuh, phrase summarizing the last of the Chinese "36 Stratagems", which extols the virtue of fleeing to fight another day.
    Ridiculously strange, illogical or nonsensical: Mo ming qi miao, literally "not understanding the peculiarity"
    Ruined, finished: Wan dan le
    Ruthless or savage beast of a person: Ching soh 

S

    Scoundrel: Huai dan, literally "bad egg"
    Screw him/her running: Gun ta jwo lu
    Screw you: Qu ni de
    Shameless Hussy: Meh lian duh jyah ji, literally "faceless bastard prostitute"
    Shiny, awesome, fantastic: Jahn!
    Shit on my head! (or another expletive): Ai ya, huai le!
    Shut up: Bi zui
    Shut up (as in, 'Get out' or 'yeah right'): Hu che
    Shut up, all of you!: Ni men dou bi zui!
    Shut up and make us wealthy: Bi zui, rong wo men fa cai
    Shut up, you inconsiderate schoolboys!: Bi zui, nin hen bu ti tie de nan sheng!
    Sir: Da yeh. When used as a nobility, Nuhn Jwei, following the name.
    Small fry: Wu ming shao zu, literally "nameless little footsoldier"
    Smelled a fart: Wen guo pi
    So guilty as to deserve a thousand deaths: Jwei gai wang se
    SOB: Wang ba dan, or gou neong yung de for a more literal and vicious translation.
    Speak now and quickly: Yo hua kuai so
    Speaking without a clue: Xia hua, literally "blind talk"
    Splendid: Jing cai
    Stop talking: Ju kou
    Stubborn disciplinarian: Pian zhi de jie cha yuan
    Stupid: Yu ben de
    Stupid son of a drooling whore and monkey: Liu kou shui de biao zi he hou zi de ben er zi
    Stupid inbred sack of meat: Ben tian sheng de yi dui rou
    Sweetheart: Bao bei
    Swindle: Guai
    Suicidal idea: Zu sha zhu yi
    Surrender, give up: Tou xiang 

T

    Take care, stay healthy: Bao zhong, literally "maintain weight"
    Talk nonsense: Shia suo
    Teacher: Lao shi
    Thanks: Xie xie
    There's nothing in this plan that isn't horrific: Zhe ge ji hua zhen ke pa
    Things never go smooth: Hao yun bu lai, huai yun bu jwo, literally "good luck don't come, bad luck don't leave"
    Time out!: Yi qi shen hu xi, literally "Let's take a deep breath"
    To throw in a monkey wrench: Gwai ma jiao, literally "twist a horse's legs (while it's galloping)"
    Too bad: Zao gao, literally "spoiled cake"
    Trouble, problem, complication: Ma fan
    Troublemaker: Wan nao
    Tyrant, iron-fisted ruler: Ba wang
    Ugly or perverted person: Zhu Bajie, insult taken from the name of the hoggish, lecherous character in the popular Chinese folktale, "Journey to the West" 

U

    Understand: Dong, dong ma for "understand" dong le ma for "are we clear here"
    Unnecessarily complicating something, or overdoing it: Hua she tian zu, literally "draw a snake and add feet to it"
    Urine-soaked demons (or something to the effect): Niao shi de du-gui 

V

    Very: Fei chang
    Violent lunatic: Xiong meng de kuang ren
    Vixen: Hu li jing, literally "fox spirit" 

W

    Wah!: Wa, an exclamation, meaning the sound of vomiting.
    Wait/hold on a second: Deng yi miao
    Warning someone against doing things 'the hard way': Jing zhou bu chi chi fa zhou, literally "choosing to sip the wine of penalty over that of respect"
    Watch your back: Zhen ta ma yao ming. Zhu yi. Literally "this is pretty damned dangerous. Pay attention"
    Water: Shui
    We will enjoy your silence now: Bai tuo, an jing yi dian
    We're in big trouble: Ai ya wo men wan le
    Weak-ass sauce: Lan dan jiang, literally "rotten egg sauce"
    What: Shen me
    What is that: Na shi shen me
    What is this: Zhe shi shen me
    What a mess: Zao gao, literally "spoiled cake"
    What is this garbage: Zhe shi shen me lan dong xi
    Whores in hell!: Ta shi suo you di yu de diao zi de ma!, literally "she is the mother of all prostitutes in hell"
    Whores of SOBs: Wang ba dan de biao zi
    Wonderful!: Pai an jiao jue, literally "slap the table and shout with praise" 

Y

    Yes, affirmative: Shi a
    You don't deserve it: Ni bu ying de zhe ge, or Ni bu gou ge
    You fink/wretch/etc: Ni hun qiu
    You want a bullet right in your throat: Ni yao wo kai qiang
    You wanna die: Ni zhao si ma
    You're all idiots: Ni men dou shi sha gua, literally "all of you are foolish"
    Young one: Nian qing de, or ying chi, slang for underaged (literally "infant teeth") 


Slang List
 	 	Pinyin 	Meaning(s), Literal and Figurative
 	 	kù 	cool ( hao kù o; that's cool!); lit., equiv. cool
 	 	shuài 	good looking, handsome (of a guy)
() 	() 	shuài dai (le) 	very good looking, a hunk (of a guy); very good, awesome (of a situation)
 	 	shuang 	satisfying, enjoyable, (as in () "The massage yesterday was very satisfying."
 	 	guò yin 	entertaining; very pleasing; addictive
 	 	bùxíngle 	dying, at the point of death; lit. not OK anymore
 	 	chao 	very, extremely, super, ultra- (as in  "very cold",  "very cool")
 	 	re 	to annoy, provoke, offend, or get on someone's nerves(as in  "Why do you always get on my nerves")
 	 	àiyan 	annoying, get-in-the-way (as in , ! "You are being a nuisance, go see whether you can make yourself useful somewhere else!); lit. 'hinder the eye'
 	 	húnào 	make trouble, be a nuisance (as in ,! "you are going to sleep right now, no more nonsense!"); lit ‘nonsense quarrel’
 	 	ganmào 	(catch) a cold; to develop an aversion against someone (as in , "after I said that she got upset with me")
 	 	jiche 	(noun) motorcycle; adj: used to describe someone displaying annoying behavior (as in  "she's annoying")
 	 	lípu 	preposterous, outrageous; lit. leaving the manual or musical score (as in  "You are really out of line doing things like that.")
 	 	che 	farfetched, unimaginable, defying all logic (as in ! "Unbelievable!", ! "That is ridiculous!",  "What are you talking about"); lit. drag, pull; chat
xx() 	xx() 	che xx (de) hòu tui 	to be a drag on xx, be a hindrance; lit. to pull xx's hind legs
 	 	zhèng 	classy, good quality, high class (as in  "a classy chick",  "He has a knock out girlfriend.")
 	 	shua 	cheat, deceive (as in  "You must be kidding.")
 	 	shua zui pí 	to talk slickly, to pay lip service
 	 	shualài 	to act shamelessly; to act indifferent
 	 	làipí 	to act shameless, brazen, like a rascal; rascal, villain
 	 	hùn 	to muddle along, to partake in a given activity in a lazy and unserious manner(as in  "I'm about to get kicked out of here." (school or company etc),  "How much longer are you planning to go on like this")
 	 	mó yú 	to be lazy on the job; lit. to rub fish
 	 	yóuyú 	marching orders; lit. squid
 	 	chaoyóuyú 	to be fired, sacked; lit. to fry squid, equiv. "getting a pink slip"
 	 	làn 	rotten, crappy
 	 	làn diào 	to rot, to go bad
 	 	làntanzi 	bad situation, mess (as in  "I can take care of the mess he created.")
 	 	lànzuì 	piss drunk, blind drunk, dead drunk
 	 	làn haorén 	spineless, weak person; lit. rotten good person
 	 	tòu 	extremely, completely, used as a suffix (as in  'extremely crappy'); lit. through
 	 	xià si 	terrified; lit., equiv. scared to death
 	 	nán gao 	hard to deal with, downright
 	 	xiuxiang 	never (interjection), lit., equiv. in your dreams
 	 	chuiniú 	to brag, boast
 	 	chui 	to brag, boast
 	 	zì dà 	arrogant, overbearing
 	 	chòu pì 	arrogant, overbearing; equiv. cocky, lit. stinking fart
 	 	baijiàzi 	to put on an airs, to act like the master of, to be arrogant; lit. to swing a rack, shelf
 	 	jia junzi 	equiv. a wolf in sheep's clothes, lit. a fake gentleman
 	 	shàngliú shèhuì 	lit. high society, the rich and famous; equiv. upper crust
 	 	heishèhuì 	triad, triad society; lit. the underworld, equiv. gangland
 	 	liúmáng 	rouge, gangster, hoodlum; lit. flowing vagrant
 	 	laodà 	the big boss, older, elder
 	 	xiaodì 	younger members of a gang; lit. little brother
 	 	chaojià 	to quarrel, to argue
 	 	dòuzui 	bicker, squabble (lit. to fight with the mouth)
 	 	dajià 	to fight, scuffle (physically)
 	 	ba feng 	to keep watch, be on the look out (esp. during a heist)
 	 	huài peizi 	a bad personal characteristic
 	 	hao xiongdì 	a ghost; a good friend; lit. good brother
 	 	bù ganjìng 	not clean; haunted (by ghosts)
 	 	yèzonghuì 	nightclub; graveyard
 	 	càiniao 	rookie, beginner, novice, inexperienced person; lit. 'vegetable bird'
 	 	tianzhen 	naive (said mostly of young girls); lit 'heaven real'
 	 	zhu tóu 	idiot; lit. pig's head
 	 	bèndàn 	idiot; lit. stupid egg
 	 	huàidàn 	crook, scoundrel; lit. rotten egg
 	 	wángba dàn 	son of a bitch; lit. king eight egg
 	 	huò 	goods, merchandise, stuff; drugs
 	 	báichi 	idiot; stupidity; lit. white fool
 	 	chunhuò 	idiot, blockhead, dunce, moron (used infrequently)
 	 	shagua 	fool, simpleton (sometimes used lovingly); lit. stupid melon
 	 	xiaozi 	guy, kid; prick, brat
 	 	fengzi 	madman, lunatic
 	 	fafeng 	to become insane, to go mad
 	 	niángniang qiang 	sissy, girly, effeminate (esp. of a male)
 	 	jiahuo 	guy, chap (negative); weapon, gun
 	 	dú chóng 	junky, someone on drugs; lit. poisonous insect
 	 	xidú 	to drug, to take drugs (esp. narcotics); lit. to absorb poison
 	 	shàng yin 	to become addicted; addictive; Used colloquially: 'get hooked to something' (as in , "This kind of beer is too tasty, I'm about to get hooked"
 	 	bengkuì 	debacle; to fall apart, to collapse, esp. mental collapse
 xx 	 xx 	qiàn xx 	to owe xx (as in,  "owe money",  "owe a favor"); to ask/beg for xx (as in,  "asking for a verbal dress down",  "asking for a beating")
xx() 	xx() 	fàng xx gezi 	to (intentionally) not not come for xx; to miss xx's appointment, equiv. to stand xx up, to be a no-show (as in, ! "Don't stand me up!"); lit. release xx pigeons
xx() 	xx() 	chi xx(de) dòufu 	to commit borderline sexual harassment with a woman (as in,  "Don't touch me.",  "Would you like to touch me"); lit. to eat xx's tofu
 	 	méi shuizhun 	equiv. to have no class; lit. to have no standards
 	 	méi jiajiào 	unmannered, not well behaved, impolite; lit. without home teaching, without a good upbringing
 	 	xiàliú 	nasty; obscene; indecent; a low life; lit. downstream
 	 	tu 	with no class, like a buffoon (as in, ! 'your clothes are so low class!'); lit. earth, soil
 	 	biaoche 	drag racing; motorcycle racing; to drive in speedily, a crazed fashion; lit. whirlwind car
xx 	xx 	xx zú 	people that do xx (as in,  "people that work",  "people that drive too fast"); lit. xx tribe/clan/family
 	 	zhong caoméi 	to kiss someone passionately, leaving a reddish mark (equiv. to give someone a hickey); lit. to plant strawberries
 	 	diulian 	to embarrass, to disgrace, to humiliate (as in  "The way you spoke about me in front of our friends really made me lose face."); equiv., lit. to lose face
 	 	méi miànzi 	to lose face (as in  "You made me lose face.")
 	 	hòu lianpí 	cheeky, brazen; thick skinned; willing to make daring demands (negative)
 	 	xiaozhang 	brazen, shameless, arrogant
 	 	jiuba 	a bar
 	 	jiudiàn 	a hotel; restaurant; hostess bar (Taiwan only); wine shop
 	 	yèdiàn 	a nightclub
 	 	yèmaozi 	someone who sleeps late (equiv. a night owl); someone with a rich nightlife
 	 	huángbaoche 	rickshaw / denigrating slang: a Chinese woman abroad (being promiscuous as opposed to conservative at home)
 	 	konglóng mèi 	ugly girl (lit. 'dinosaur girl')
 	 	làmèi 	a hot girl (lit. 'spicy girl'); the Spice Girls
 	 	shuàige 	good looking dude, a hunk
 	 	fàngdiàn 	to create an atmosphere of feminine attraction (of a woman); lit. 'to discharge electricity'
 	 	yùhuofénshen 	to be very horny; lit. 'lust fire incinerate body'
 	 	pàoniu 	(try to) hook up with girls, on the prowl for women; lit ‘steep/soak girls’
 	 	ba mèi 	to hunt for girls
 	 	ba mazi 	to hunt for girls
 	 	ba kaizi 	to hunt for rich hunks (of a woman)
 	 	dashan 	(trying to hook up by) starting a conversation (with a stranger)
 	 	luàn jiang 	to speak nonsense
 	 	húlàn 	give someone a load of nonsense; (as in  "(said by a woman) Selling crap is what men do best"); lit ‘nonsense crap‘
 	 	fàngpì 	to speak nonsense; lit. 'to fart'
 	 	fèihuà 	to speak nonsense, to trashtalk; lit. 'to waste words'
 	 	luosuo 	to talk too much (as in  "You talk too much.", ! "Stop rambling!")
 	 	ha la 	to argue, to incessantly try to convince someone (as in , ! "Stop arguing and just admit you're wrong!", ,! "Wow, you really know how to argue!")
 	 	bì zui 	shut up (interjection, often said by parents)
 	 	chazui 	to interrupt someone talking (as in  "Stop interrupting me."); lit. to insert a mouth
 	 	dingzui 	to talk back, to be a wiseguy; to answer defiantly (as in ! "I am going to take care of you if you talk back to me again.")
xx  / xx  	xx  / xx  	xx gèpì / xx gètóu 	xx my ass (interjection, as in A:  B: ! A: This movie is so romantic. B: Romantic my ass!)
 	 	xiao dìdì 	penis; lit. little brother
() 	() 	(xiao) ji ji 	penis; lit. chicken
 	 	xiao niao 	penis; lit. small bird
 	 	nà huà er 	penis; lit. "that talk"
 	 	dàn 	testicles, equiv. balls (as in () "When fighting you have protect your balls."); lit. egg
 	 	naizi 	breast(s)
 	 	jùru 	huge breast(s)
 	 	bo(or po)bà 	(woman with) huge breast(s)
 	 	gaocháo 	orgasm; lit. high tide, climax
 	 	zuò'ài 	to have sex; lit., equiv. to make love
 	 	chao3fan4 	to make love; lit. to fry rice
 	 	shàngchuáng 	to go to bed; to make love
 	 	sèláng 	a man with strong sexual desires, a satyr, a sex addict; lit. appearance wolf
 	 	biàntài 	a sexual pervert; lit. metamorphosis, abnormal
() 	() 	(you) wàiyù 	to have an affair
 	 	pi tui 	to have an affair, to cheat on someone; lit. to split the legs
 	 	yiyè qíng 	a one-night stand; lit. love for one night
 	 	fenshou 	to break up in a relationship; to bid farewell; lit. divide hands
 	 	bingbiàn 	a mutiny; a relationship that breaks up during military service; lit. military change
 	 	zhui 	to try to get a relationship with someone (as in  "Is he still after that pretty girl"); to pursue
 	 	húlíjing 	a woman that steals another woman's man; lit. a fox spirit
 	 	mu laohu 	a dominant wife; lit. mother tiger
 	 	wakào 	exclamation: WOW! (also the title of a song by  Jay Zhou, a famous Taiwanese singer)
 	 	gàn 	to make love [vulgar]; used as a vulgar exclamation, equiv. "F**k!"; to do something, as in  "work"
 	 	gàndiào 	to get rid of; to kill someone; lit. to do away
 	 	gàn ni niang 	to have sex with your mother, very vulgar (never used in public unless speaker wants to appear boorish)
 	 	gàn má 	exclamation, "What is it now" or "What do you want now", indicating irritation; why (impolite) (as in ' "Why would you spend so much money buying something as crappy as that")
() 	() 	(ta1)ma1de5 	exclamation, "Fuck!", "Shit!", "To hell with it!", "Damn it!"; used to increase vulgarity (as in ! "You are really out of line!"); lit. his mom's
 	 	cào 	to fuck [vulgar] (from  which has the same pronunciation); to exercise, drill (when pronounced cao)
 	 	cao ni ma de bi 	to fuck your mother's cunt [very vulgar] (never use in public, or for that matter, at home)
 	 	diao 	male reproductive organ; expression (mostly among guys) showing admiration or approval (as in ! "you're awesome!" or ! "far out!")
 	 	laowài 	foreigner (neutral connotation)
 	 	yáng niu 	foreign babe, foreign chick
 	 	a dou zi 	foreigner (Taiwan only)
 	 	tóngzhì 	gay or lesbian (normally "comrade" in a Communist context)
 	 	xiaojie 	girl working in a hostess bar; exclamation, used alone, "Waitress!"; prostitute; young woman
 	 	binláng xishi 	a young, attractive girl, usually scantily clad, hired to sell betelnuts in street stalls ( is a classic beauty from Chinese history/myth); lit. betelnut beauty
 	 	shajià 	to haggle, to bargain (foreigners will always be forced to pay more, though)
 	 	dòngshou 	to begin doing something (e.g. ); to touch, to handle; to hit someone with hands
 	 	dòng shoujiao 	to sabotage something; to cheat by modifying something; to tinker with; lit. to move hands and feet
 	 	guàn zuì 	to fuddle, to confuse with alcohol; to get someone drunk
 	 	hailiàng 	to be capable of holding liquor (a highly valued asset in competitive drinking, a Chinese sport)
 	 	guànshui 	to sell inferior goods that have been tampered with (business), for example, adding water to milk; to lose a game on purpose (sports)
 	 	hei huò 	goods that have been tampered with, potentially hazardous to health; smuggled goods; lit. black stuff, majorly used in China but Taiwan
 	 	pái ma pì 	to flatter; lit. to align horse farts
 	 	pái pái pìgu zou 	to run away, to take off without caring for the consequences (while engaged in a relationship or project); lit. to line up the ass and go
 	 	tiáozi 	a police officer; a strip (esp. of paper), a note
 	 	nèi gui 	to steal; lit. within ghosts
 	 	fàntong 	a scallywag, a do-nothing; a guy who lives off his girlfriend; lit. a rice container
 	 	chi ruanfàn 	to live off one's girlfriend; lit. to eat soft rice
 	 	máomáo de 	creepy, suspicious, causing goosebumps (as in ,  "The way he stared at me made me feel spooked.")
 	 	rénqíngwèi 	affection, humane, used to describe a friendly, caring atmosphere (as in ); lit. the smell of human feelings
 	 	lèi sile 	exhausted, worn out; lit. tired to the death
() 	() 	(lao) yóutiáo 	a deceitful, "slick" person (, fried wheat cruller, is a long stick of deep fried batter, a staple in China)
() 	() 	gouzai (duì) 	paparazzi; lit. dog puppy team
 	 	xiao qiáng 	cockroach; lit. little strong one
 	 	guòtóu 	in excess (as in , to oversleep)
 	 	lài chuáng 	to stay in bed (esp. too long), to not get up
 	 	hun hun yù shuì 	drowsy, sleepy
 	 	tuo tuo la la 	to be slow (esp. from reluctance); to procrastinate
() 	() 	shi dá dá (de) 	soaking wet
A 	A 	ei 	to steal (as in A, to steal money)
K 	K 	kei shu 	study (as in pounding something into one's head)
SPP 	SPP 	sòng piào piào 	having no class (Taiwan only, based on Hoklo dialect)
A 	A 	ei piàn 	a porn movie
 	 	zán men 	we, us (sometimes just ).
