Magic

Magic in the universe is almost entirely dependent on rituals or artifacts created by rituals. These can take many forms, and can be performed by anyone with the proper spell form and artifact, though most spells cause incredible pain for the caster during the casting, and are treated like part of the sorcerer who casts them. Ray refuses to loan his ghost knife to an investigator, telling her "you might as well ask me for my thumb." Spells are granted in visions to people who possess one of the three true tomes of magic, becoming "primaries."

    There are only three real tomes of magic in the entire world. And they're not really books, but I'm getting ahead of myself. When you read one, you receive visions, dreams. When the sorcerer wakes, he writes down the visions as accurately as he can remember them, and these people we call primaries.
    Annalise Powliss, Game of Cages

As spells or artifacts are then passed from hand to hand, they grow weaker, meaning the same spell performed by a primary is more powerful than the same performed by his apprentice, a secondary. Spells are also known to appear on their own in established spell books.
Known Spells

    Closed Way: Provides impenetrability on the covered area, and is one of the more common tattoos - Ray and Annalise both have multiple copies of this spell laid upon them (Annalise by an unknown superior, likely her master, and Ray by Annalise). However, for spellcasters who are weaker than primaries, the tattoo becomes visible (allowing knowledgeable individuals to target exposed areas), and the area becomes less and less sensitive, until it becomes completely numb (Ray has often looked down to realize he's been shot but didn't feel anything because the tattoo blocked it). However, the tattoo isn't an absolute protection; "Tattoo," an infamous enemy of the society, was almost completely covered in them, but was ultimately wounded by the blast from a backfire of his pistol, allowing Ray to finish him off magically.

    The Twisted Path: Appearing as a tattoo on an individual, this spell allows many beneficial effects for a criminal or outlaw. One "on the twisted path" leaves no accurate forensic evidence. Fingerprints won't match, DNA won't come back to you, and witnesses may even identify someone else in a lineup. Ray's spell (placed by Annalise) is apparently powerful enough to subvert digital photography. It's unclear when exactly Annalise cast this on Ray; a knowledgeable individual pointed it out in Game of Cages, but given that he wasn't picked up after Hammer Bay, it stands to reason that Annalise cast it prior to Child of Fire.

    Golem Flesh: Golem Flesh provides an added degree of protection from damage; however, more importantly, it also provides a healing factor that allows for the bearer of the spell to regenerate damage rapidly, provided that they take in fresh meat. However, as a trade-off, the spell requires the consumption of red meat daily, and it is best if the meat is fresh and uncooked, which is disgusting to new recipients of the spell, and takes time to get used to. Until such damage is healed, however, the body of a golem flesh recipient is able to survive long periods of time with horrific injuries - Ansel Zahn survived having part of him sucked into another dimension, and Annalise was able to be revived after being burnt to a husk after the source of the timebending magic was cut off by Ray. Human flesh works well - both Zahn and Wally King are able to consume human flesh to heal damage. In addition, should one consume meat properly on a regular basis, the spell can artificially extend one's natural lifetime - the traditional expectation is often put at "five hundred years," but no one knows exactly how long it would last. The spell takes the form of a tattoo that has some form of spirals and apparently bears resemblance to something, though Ray decides to look away rather than study the spell. Although the spell appears in many spellbooks, this one is only cast on rare circumstances - for it to be effective, a caster has to be exceptionally powerful, and it seems to take something out of said casters, as well. Combined with the risks inherent in creating a powerful, long-living individual, the Society reserves casting of the spell to special circumstances.

    The Iron Gate: Protects one from mental influence both from spells and predators. The spell throbs or even screams with unbearable agony depending upon the severity of the invasion, providing both a warning and something to focus upon to resist the intrusion. Ray's spell is apparently powerful enough to aid him against any predator so far seen, and against any spell seen provided he is aware of said spell from the throbbing. He even resists a spell cast on an object to protect its contents cast by a powerful sorcerer, which makes most individuals look away. In Ray's case, his spell is located upon his back between his shoulder blades.

    Ghost Knife/Soul Knife: Cast by Ray onto a piece of paper from the book he stole and apparently keeps hidden somewhere. Can be telekinetically controlled. Cuts all non living matter, all magic, and "ghosts" or souls. Use on humans renders them docile and compliant, even apologetic for past aggression. Use on a non aggressive suspect highly magnifies the effect, enough so to make Ray incredibly disgusted with himself in Child of Fire. Seen in Game of Cages cast upon a silver Chinese jian in the possession of a rich businessman. Effects are similar, perhaps even magnified.

Annalise's green ribbons: Causes a massive explosion of green fire that Rays iron gate protects him from Circle of Enemies. Annalise's favored weapon. Kills predators with ease.

Annalise's white ribbons: Knocks a person out who views the sigil.

Various and sundry summoning spells.
