For any game system I usually start with the Three P's - Physical, Persona and Purpose.  Each of these are broken down into a couple of further areas. Physical is the easiest of the three, it's the stuff that other characters can see without having to talk. I usually include a character's name in this category, but it's mostly the appearance and traits of a character and what can be inferred from them. By traits I mean anything distinctive such as beautiful, large scar, limp, permanent sneer or other one to two word descriptors that one would be likely to notice about someone right away. Somtimes this also includes any peculiarities of dialog that I intend to carry out - a speech defect or accent. 

Next would be Persona and this is comprised of Backstory, Personality, Affectations and Worldview. Backstory is exactly what you would think - the events that made the character into who he is today. For starting characters I usually keep it to a couple of paragraphs and try to work in as many hooks to the rest of the campaign and characters as I can manage. Make a list of potential hooks on the side so you have some suggestions for the GM. Oftentimes, I'll put these in secret text for the GM right in my app.  It makes things easier for them to know where you are coming from and what your interests are for this character.  Personality I'll usually leave til the last thing since it's a result of all the other aspects of character, but when I do write it I keep in mind that the character has to be fun to play and interact with.  Affectations are strong personality traits that will be immediately obvious to someone who interacts with the character. These are again one or two word descriptors like gruff, sleazy, smooth talker, etc. Worldview is one or two sentences about how the character looks at the world - a code of honor, cynical viewpoint, naivete or other lens thru which the character will interact with others.

Third and potentially most important is Purpose.  Why the character would be involved and keep at it despite difficult and dangerous circumstances. Typically this is broken down into Goals, Motivations, Inner Demons, Conflicts and Character Arcs.  Goals are fairly self evident - what does the character want to accomplish. I usually try to have at least one short, medium and long term goal. Motivations are why they want to accomplish those goals. Inner Demons and Conflicts are what is holding the character back from accomplishing the goals above, why they can't just walk out and get it done. These are the things that make us do the self destructive idiotic actions that you see every day in the world around you.Character arcs are the ways you see your character changing and growing over time. Once again, having more than one of these is a good thing. Think in terms of short medium and long time frame.

There is nothing that says that the various aspects of purpose and personality have to be congruent with each other, in fact reconciling the conflicts inherent in your writeup can be some of the most fun roleplay that you will have and can be quite entertaining to everyone involved.

I also have a few rules that I keep in mind when making a character for an rpg - 
Rule 1: The character must work in a group
Rule 2: The character must be fun for the player and the rest of the party 
Rule 3: The character must be trustworthy in the eyes of the other characters 
Rule 4: The character must have a reason to get involved 
Rule 5: The character must fit the campaign style 
Rule 6: You must be able to actually play the character 

Finally, think of building a character as if it were an iceberg - most everyone you play with will only see a small portion of the work you've put into it. However, the result will be a fully fleshed character that stands up and stands out on it's own merits.

So that is my approach to building a character. You will notice that nowhere in there did I mention anything about mechanics.  Game mechanics will flow naturally if you allow the character to emerge first. Also keep in mind that this is an interactive process between the GM and Player - be willing to bend to the GM's requests so as to better fit into the events they have in mind. The GM also has to be willing to bend the story they intend to fit the characters they select.
